Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Not currently users are being able to have the same products multiple times.
Now what we can do is we can have a check to know if that product has already been added by that user
and if the product has already been headed by that user.
We then want to send the user a message which is going to say, Hi, Tim already has this in cards.
Okay, now to do this we have to go to the detail folder and then the product underscore detail screen
and we can use controller and B to make this wide.
Okay.
And you can see we have this button over the the.
Heart to cut button.
Right.
And over here we are going to call the provider.
Provider dir then dropped off condensed.
Contest and over yet we have to specify it is a type of cards provider.
And now we can say get, get it.
So now we are going to be using a property known as first, whether or not and in order to use this
property, we first have to import it.
So we are going to screw up.
And over here we are going to import and it is found in collection slash collection dot dot and click
on this error to go back and we can then say first where or no.
And you can see these elements are same as value.
So instead of calling it elements, we can call house products and you can see this product has a variable
that stores this card provider class.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can have our check.
Get rid of this.
False.
We can then say.
Products.
We have products, products, dots, documents, ID.
Is equal to the product list.
Product, this product this.
Sorry.
Product.
Product list.
And within the products we have a field known as.
Product ID if it is equal, if it is not equal to null is not equal to.
Not equal to.
No.
It means.
It means we have already had a productive cut, right, because it is not empty.
We are basically saying if it is not empty, right, then we want to return.
Maybe a snack bar.
Snack bar?
Snack bar.
Okay.
And the title is going to say item already in cos.
And else.
If we have not had it, then we want to be able to have that.
And this is basically it.
And lastly, we have to set listen to force.
You're going to see why we are doing this in the future.
So do not worry.
Okay.
Now what we're basically saying, if the products if the cards document ID is or maybe we can just call
this cards to make it more clear cut.
Get rid of this and cut.
Okay.
And you can see why it's in the cards.
We have a field known as document ID, right?
So we are basically checking if it is equal.
And remember, this document ID is basically still referring to the product ID and we are basically
checking if.
Okay.
If the if the document ID or if the cards document ID because we have this value within the cards or
this or this field within the cards.
If the cards document ID is equal to the product list of product ID.
Then if it is not equal to no, it means we have something there.
Right.
It means there is a value because it is not equal to no.
Or what we are basically saying.
If it is not empty, then if it is not empty.
We want to return a snack bar, which is item already in cart because definitely we already have a valid
there and the document ID is equal to the product ID.
Right.
Okay.
Else if it is not we.
If it is not empty, we don't want to do this.
Okay.
So if it is empty, we then want to be able to hide.
But if it is not empty, it means is already there.
Think this is a bit confusing and hopefully you understand.
Okay, now we can try this out with maybe another products.
Hope we have this list into force.
Okay.
And then then this.
Click on this.
And I think I already had that before.
Okay.
I'm going to add a new product maybe from the shoes.
And.
And click on this now add to cart and currently we have in the cards already.
So we should not be able to hide it.
You can see we can screw.
Oh, man, I think I did.
I think this is what we can screw to see, that we are going to sort out that later and click on it
again.
You can see I am already in cuts.
Some school rights, some school.
Okay.
We can try for another.
Maybe this.
In art again.
Item already in cards.
Hope you understand.
But if you don't, you can do well to let me know.